README.md, before:

## Serverless REST Assignment.

__Name:__ Shaobo Zang

__Video demonstration:__ ..... URL of your Youtube video demonstration ....

This repository contains an implementation of a serverless REST API for the AWS platform. The CDK framework is used to provision its infrastructure. The API's domain context is movie reviews.

### API endpoints.

[ Provide a bullet-point list of the app's endpoints (excluding the Auth API endpoints you have successfully implemented in full. Omit those in the assignment specification that you did not complete.]
e.g.
 
+ POST /movies/reviews - add a movie review.
+ GET /movies/{movieId}/reviews - Get all the reviews for a movie with the specified id.
+ GET /movies/{movieId}/reviews?minRating=n - Get all the reviews for the film with the specified ID whose rating was higher than the minRating.
+ GET /movies/{movieId}/reviews/{reviewerName} - Get the review for the movie with the specified movie ID and written by the named reviewer.

[Include screenshots from the AWS management console (API Gateway service) that clearly show the deployed API ( ensure the font size is legible). ]

![](./images/api1.png)

![](./images/api1.png)

### Authentication (if relevant).

[Include a screenshot from the AWS management console (Cognito User Pools) showing a confirmed user account.]

![](./images/pool.png)

### Independent learning (If relevant).

[ Briefly explain any aspects of your submission that required independent research and learning, i.e. typically related to the higher grade bands. State the source files that have evidence of this.

Commit message:

GET /reviews/{reviewerName}/{movieId}/translation?language=code and Readme

README.md, after:

## Serverless REST Assignment.

__Name:__ Shaobo Zang

__Video demonstration:__ ..... URL of your Youtube video demonstration ....

This repository contains an implementation of a serverless REST API for the AWS platform. The CDK framework is used to provision its infrastructure. The API's domain context is movie reviews.

### API endpoints.

 
+ POST /movies/reviews - add a movie review.
+ GET /movies/{movieId}/reviews - Get all the reviews for a movie with the specified id.
+ GET /movies/{movieId}/reviews?minRating=n - Get all the reviews for the film with the specified ID whose rating was higher than the minRating.
+ GET /movies/{movieId}/reviews/{reviewerName} - Get the review for the movie with the specified movie ID and written by the named reviewer.
+ PUT /movies/{movieId}/reviews/{reviewerName} - Update the text of a review.
+ GET /movies/{movieId}/reviews/{year} - Get the reviews written in a specific year for a specific movie.
+ GET /reviews/{reviewerName} - Get all the reviews written by a specific reviewer.
+ GET /reviews/{reviewerName}/{movieId}/translation?language=code - Get a translated version of a movie review using the movie ID and reviewer name as the identifier.

[Include screenshots from the AWS management console (API Gateway service) that clearly show the deployed API ( ensure the font size is legible). ]

![!\[alt text\](api-1.png)](images/api-1.png)

![!\[alt text\](image-1.png)](images/api-2.png)

### Authentication (if relevant).

![!\[alt text\](image.png)](images/auth.png)

![!\[alt text\](image.png)](images/pool.png)

### Independent learning (If relevant).
(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/translate/latest/dg/what-is.html)
